OSDOCS-16524: Updated ROSA Architecture for DITA compliance (#101079)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-next-steps-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-service-definition.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rosa-next-steps-cluster_{context}"]
= Before creating your first {product-title} cluster

> For additional information about ROSA installation, see a qucik introdcution to the process in link:https://www.redhat.com/en/products/interactive-walkthrough/install-rosa[Installing {product-title} interactive walkthrough].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about ROSA installation, see a quick introduction to the process in link:https://www.redhat.com/en/products/interactive-walkthrough/install-rosa[Installing {product-title} interactive walkthrough].
```
